# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> Last Updated 2018/04/22 18:26:74

## [Unreleased]

## [3.5.0] - 2018-04-08
### Added
- Add `discrim` and `throwerror` command.
- Add `traceback` command to get the most recent error.
- Add `update-changelog.js` and replace `update-authors.sh` with `update-authors.js`.
- New configuration loader.
- New event loader.
- New game rotation and selection system.
- New module loader.
- New permission system.
- Start scripts for for both Windows and Linux.
- `liststaff` command to list the current bot staff with their position and status.

### Changed
- Moved core parts of the bot to `./src` folder.
- Organized `index.js` file.
- Reworked the `profile` command code.
- Rewrote entire logger module.
- The `profile` command now defaults to the person who ran the command.
- The `tunnel` command supports DMs now.
- The bot now follows the bot's settings instead of the configuration settings.
- `userinfo` command show's the user's identity instead of if they're a bot or not.

### Removed
- Bot owners are no longer in the configuration file.

### Fixed
- Fixed `serverinfo` command now showing owner.
- Fixed random credits in `listservers` and `listchannels`.
- Fixed sharder not working.
- `discrim` command now works without error.

## [3.4.0] - 2018-03-16
### Added
- Added lockdown system, you can now lockdown the bot with a provided reason.
- Added tunnel system, send and receive messages from any channel the bot has access to.
- Bot now sends a message when it joins a new guild.
- New MySQL support, you can now toggle between MySQL and SQLite.
- New dynamic config loading system.
- New profile system, users can now have a custom profile.
- `getcommand` command for viewing a command's code.
- `inviteinfo` to get information on an invite.
- `listservers` and `listchannels`, these commands are self explanatory.
- `seen` command to see when a user was last seen in a server.
- `shardstats` command to view stats on each shard.

### Changed
- Anything that used `.find('id', ID)` now uses `.get(ID)`.
- Commands are now organized properly.
- Contributors get their own file.
- `eval` and `exec` now work properly when using the `--silent` argument.
- `eval` command shows information on functions.
- `stats` command is more efficient.

### Fixed
- Fixed bold text in `info` command.
- Fixed bot not shutting down properly.

## [3.3.0] - 2018-02-25
### Added
- Added Trello to package.json.
- Added `AUTHORS.md` file generator.
- Added lint command for linting code in the JavaScript Standard Style.
- New `channelinfo` command.
- New `settz` and `time` commands for setting and retrieving user's time zones. *(Includes custom group.)*
- Style sheet for commands.
- Support for Sentry error logging with tags and release tracking.

### Changed
- All commands that use embeds to use `message.embed()`.
- Better module management.
- Embed colors for some commands are now dynamic.
- Improved help documentation.
- Merged `repostatus` and `buildstatus` into `repo` command.
- Practically rewrote status and info commands respectively.
- Updated all package versions.
- `discordstatus` command uses Statuspage API.

### Removed
- Fixed `README.md` consistency.
- Removed `.gitattributes`.

### Fixed
- Prefix command is now guarded.

## [3.2.0] - 2018-02-09
### Added
- Added AceBot logo as an asset.
- Added changelog for keeping track of changes.
- Added comments to config files.
- Added commit linting in jQuery style.
- Added detailed JSDocs to source.
- The application owner is automatically set as the owner.

### Changed
- Changed config file extensions from `.yaml` to `.yml`.
- Improved `CONTRIBUTING.md` file.
- Improved `README.md` documentation.
- Improved information in commands.
- Removed unused async.
- Restart command now restarts all shards.
- Switched from `remark` to `markdownlint`.
- `LICENSE.md` is now `LICENSE.txt`.

### Fixed
- Fixed broken links in `README.md`.
- Fixed config file issues.

## 3.1.0 - 2018-01-27
### Added
- Added `buildstatus` command.
- Added `gitstatus` and `buildstatus` to retrieve information on AceBot from respective websites.
- Added `gitstatus` command.

### Changed
- Fixed style error in the `discordstatus` command.

[Unreleased]: http://github.com/Aceheliflyer/AceBot/compare/v3.5.0...HEAD
[3.5.0]: http://github.com/Aceheliflyer/AceBot/compare/v3.4.0...v3.5.0
[3.4.0]: http://github.com/Aceheliflyer/AceBot/compare/v3.3.0...v3.4.0
[3.3.0]: http://github.com/Aceheliflyer/AceBot/compare/v3.2.0...v3.3.0
[3.2.0]: http://github.com/Aceheliflyer/AceBot/compare/v3.1.0...v3.2.0

---

#### Generated by `bin/update-changelog.js`. 🚀
